Patapati Santosh: Hello! My name is Jerry, and I'll be your clinical interview today. This interview is kind of just like an initial screening. I'll start with you 3 quick questions, and then I'll let you know if there's any causes for concerns, and then we'll have our full full length clinical interview next week. So out of the time.
Santosh Patapati: Yeah, that sounds great. My name is Caitlin.
Santosh Patapati: Yeah, it's nice to meet you.
Santosh Patapati: I'm surprised with how fast everything's gone so far. So I'm really happy about that. So
Santosh Patapati: yeah, I'm ready to get some.
Patapati Santosh: Okay, I'm glad to hear that. So
Patapati Santosh: 1st of all, do you have any history of depression or mental illness like, have you ever been diagnosed with it in the past.
Santosh Patapati: No, I've not. No, nothing with this, as
Santosh Patapati: ever been the case.
Patapati Santosh: Okay, that sounds good. Second of all. Have you ever had thoughts of killing yourself?
Santosh Patapati: No, I haven't.
Santosh Patapati: Never! That thoughts never really crossed my mind.
Patapati Santosh: Okay? And finally, do you feel comfortable?
Patapati Santosh: in participating in future interviews like this one.
Santosh Patapati: Yeah, I feel comfortable.
Santosh Patapati: yeah, as long as it's helpful. I have no problem with that.
Patapati Santosh: Okay, so that it concludes our initial screening. I know that it was very short. But
Patapati Santosh: yeah, we'll have a full interview next week.
Patapati Santosh: How does that sound.
Santosh Patapati: Yeah, that sounds great. Goodbye. I don't have any questions.
Patapati Santosh: Okay. Sounds good. Bye.